welcome back to another tie tech video
today I'm gonna do a quick boot tests on
iphone 4s iphone 5 and the new iPad Mini
so what I'm gonna do right now let's
turn them all off and then we're going
to turn them back on and see which one
of them comes on first okay faerie girls
ok
and their dog are there are turning off
ok and now they're all off we're going
to turn them all back full and I try to
make this fair as possible so one two
three
ok
let's see
and ipad mini takes it then followed by
iphone 4s follow follow about iphone 5
in the 4s okay so let's do some quick
other Tessa's okay so we're going to
open rainbow six at the same time and
see which one of them loads first all
right now here we go
boom now lie on five wins followed by
live had me followed by the iphone 4s
all right that's it for this one if you
please rate comment subscribe wanna see
any other videos please leave a comment
in the description I will get back to
you and peace i'll see you in the next
one